- [Kathy] This is a survey course on
spring performance tuning.
With a strong emphasis on observability and preparedness,
this course strives to equip the student to not only
understand some of the trickier aspects
of spring performance, but also how to test,
measure, and communicate about performance.
We will start with a breakdown of the foundations of spring
performance so that we can understand the complicated
landscape that we work within.
Then we will learn about specific tools,
techniques, and technical hot topics
specific to Java and the spring project.
We will wrap up our work with a discussion of essential
everyday tools and practices that a spring developer can
adopt in order to make a comfortable habit
out of performance engineering.
I am Kathy Flint, and I've been building software
professionally for 25 years,
and working with spring in enterprise settings since 2005.
I believe that when it comes to spring performance
engineering success is achieved not by a linear approach to
isolated metrics, but rather by mastering what can feel like
a bewildering matrix of gains and trade-offs.
In this course, I will break down the essentials
of spring performance engineering into manageable topics
so that the learner is empowered to approach a variety
of real world situations with confidence and clarity.
Please join my LinkedIn Learning course to increase your
confidence and fluency with spring related performance.